<center>Text 1</center>
&emsp;&emsp;“Reskilling” is something that sounds like a buzzword but is actually a
requirement if we plan to have a future in which a lot of would-be workers do not
get left behind. We know we are moving into a period where the jobs in demand
will change rapidly, as will the requirements of the jobs that remain. Research by
the World Economic Forum finds that on average 42 per cent of the “core skills”
within job roles will change by 2022. That is a very short timeline.
&emsp;&emsp;The question of who should pay for reskilling is a thorny one. For individual
companies, the temptation is always to let go of workers whose skills are no
longer in demand and replace them with those whose skills are. That does not
always happen. AT&T is often given as the gold standard of a company that
decided to do a massive reskilling program rather than go with a fire-and-
hire strategy. Other companies had also pledged to create their own plans.
When the skills mismatch is in the broader economy, though, the focus usually
turns to government to handle. Efforts in Canada and elsewhere have been
arguably languid at best, and have given us a situation where we frequently
hear of employers begging for workers, even at times and in regions where
unemployment is high.
&emsp;&emsp;With the pandemic, unemployment is very high indeed. In February, at 3.5
per cent and 5.5 per cent respectively, unemployment rates in Canada and the
United States were at generational lows and worker shortages were everywhere.
As of May, those rates had spiked up to 13.3 per cent and 13.7 per cent, and
although many worker shortages had disappeared, not all had done so. In the
medical filed, to take an obvious example, the pandemic meant that there were
still clear shortages of doctors, nurses and other medical personnel.
&emsp;&emsp;Of course, it is not like you can take an unemployed waiter and train him to
be a doctor in a few weeks. But even if you cannot close that gap, maybe you can
close others, and doing so would be to the benefit of all concerned. That seems to
be the case in Sweden: When forced to furlough 90 per cent of their cabin staff,
Scandinavian Airlines decided to start up a short retraining program that reskilled
the laid-off workers to support hospital staff. The effort was a collective one and
involved other companies as well as a Swedish university.

21. Research by the World Economic Forum suggests
[A] a controversy about the “core skills”  
[B] an increase in full-time employment  
[C] an urgent demand for new job skills  
[D] a steady growth of job opportunities  
22. AT&T is cited to show
[A] an immediate need for government support  
[B] an alternative to the fire-and-hire strategy  
[C] the characteristics of reskilling programs  
[D] the importance of staff appraisal standards  
23. Efforts to resolve the skills mismatch in Canada
[A] have appeared to be insufficient  
[B] have driven up labour costs  
[C] have proved to be inconsistent  
[D] have met with fierce opposition  
24. We can learn from Paragraph 3 that there was
[A] a sign of economic recovery  
[B] a call for policy adjustment  
[C] a change in hiring practices  
[D] a lack of medical workers  
25. Scandinavian Airlines decided to
[A] create job vacancies for the unemployed  
[B] retrain their cabin staff for better services  
[C] prepare their laid-off workers for other jobs  
[D] finance their staff’s college education  

<center>Text 2</center>
&emsp;&emsp;With the global population predicted to hit close to 10 billion by 2050, and
forecasts that agricultural production in some regions will need to nearly double
to keep pace, food security is increasingly making headlines. In the UK, it has
become a big talking point recently too, for a rather particular reason: Brexit.  

&emsp;&emsp;Brexit is seen by some as an opportunity to reverse a recent trend towards
the UK importing food. The country produces only about 60 per cent of the
food it eats, down from almost three-quarters in the late 1980s. A move back to
self-sufficiency, the argument goes, would boost the farming industry, political
sovereignty and even the nation’s health. Sounds great—but how feasible is this
vision?  
&emsp;&emsp;According to a report on UK food production from the University of Leeds,
UK, 85 per cent of the country’s total land area is associated with meat and dairy
production. That supplies 80 per cent of what is consumed, so even covering the
whole country in livestock farms wouldn’t allow us to cover all our meat and
dairy needs.  
&emsp;&emsp;There are many caveats to those figures, but they are still grave. To
become much more self-sufficient, the UK would need to drastically reduce its
consumption of animal foods, and probably also farm more intensively—meaning
fewer green fields, and more factory-style production.  
&emsp;&emsp;But switching to a mainly plant-based diet wouldn’t help. There is a good
reason why the UK is dominated by animal husbandry: most of its terrain doesn’t
have the right soil or climate to grow crops on a commercial basis. Just 25 per
cent of the country’s land is suitable for crop-growing, most of which is already
occupied by arable fields. Even if we converted all the suitable land to fields
of fruit and veg—which would involve taking out all the nature reserves and
removing thousands of people from their homes—we would achieve only a 30
per cent boost in crop production.  
&emsp;&emsp;Just 23 per cent of the fruit and vegetables consumed in the UK are currently
home-grown, so even with the most extreme measures we could meet only 30
per cent of our fresh produce needs. That is before we look for the space to grow
the grains, sugars, seeds and oils that provide us with the vast bulk of our current
calorie intake.

26. Some people argue that food self-sufficiency in the UK would
[A] be hindered by its population growth.
[B] contribute to the nation’s well-being.
[C] become a priority of the government.
[D] pose a challenge to its farming industry.
27. The report by the University of Leeds shows that in the UK
[A] farmland has been inefficiently utilized.
[B] factory-style production needs reforming.
[C] most land is used for meat and dairy production.
[D] more green fields will be converted for farming.
28. Crop-growing in the UK is restricted due to
[A] its farming technology.
[B] its dietary tradition.
[C] its natural conditions.
[D] its commercial interests.
29. It can be learned from the last paragraph that British people
[A] rely largely on imports for fresh produce.
[B] enjoy a steady rise in fruit consumption.
[C] are seeking effective ways to cut calorie intake.
[D] are trying to grow new varieties of grains.
30. The author’s attitude to food self-sufficiency in the UK is
[A] defensive.
[B] doubtful.
[C] tolerant.
[D] optimistic.

<center>Text 3</center>
&emsp;&emsp;When Microsoft bought task management app Wunderlist and mobile calendar
Sunrise in 2015, it picked two newcomers that were attracting considerable buzz
in Silicon Valley. Microsoft’s own Office dominates the market for “productivity”
software, but the start-ups represented a new wave of technology designed from the
ground up for the smartphone world.
&emsp;&emsp;Both apps, however, were later scrapped after Microsoft said it had used their
best features in its own products. Their teams of engineers stayed on, making them
two of the many “acqui-hires” that the biggest companies have used to feed their
great hunger for tech talent.
&emsp;&emsp;To Microsoft’s critics, the fates of Wunderlist and Sunrise are examples of a
remorseless drive by Big Tech to chew up any innovative companies that lie in their
path. “They bought the seedlings and closed them down,” complained Paul Arnold,
a partner at San Francisco-based Switch Ventures, putting an end to businesses that
might one day turn into competitors. Microsoft declined to comment.
&emsp;&emsp;Like other start-up investors, Mr. Arnold’s own business often depends on
selling start-ups to larger tech companies, though he admits to mixed feelings about
the result: “I think these things are good for me, if I put my selfish hat on. But are
they good for the American economy? I don’t know.”
&emsp;&emsp;The U.S. Federal Trade Commission says it wants to find the answer to that
question. This week, it asked the five most valuable U.S. tech companies for
information about their many small acquisitions over the past decade. Although
only a research project at this stage, the request has raised the prospect of regulators
wading into early-stage tech markets that until now have been beyond their reach.
&emsp;&emsp;Given their combined market value of more than $5.5 trillion, rifling through
such small deals—many of them much less prominent than Wunderlist and
Sunrise—might seem beside the point. Between them, the five tech companies have
spent an average of only $3.4 billion a year on sub-$1 billion acquisitions over the
past five years—a drop in the ocean compared with their massive financial reserves,
and the more than $130 billion of venture capital that was invested in the U.S. last
year.
&emsp;&emsp;However, critics say the big companies use such deals to buy their most
threatening potential competitors before their businesses have a chance to gain
momentum, in some cases as part of a “buy and kill” tactic to simply close them
down.

31. What is true about Wunderlist and Sunrise after their acquisitions?
[A] Their products were re-priced  
[B] Their market values declined  
[C] Their tech features improved  
[D] Their engineers were retained  
32. Microsoft’s critics believe that the big tech companies tend to
[A] eliminate their potential competitors  
[B] exaggerate their product quality  
[C] treat new tech talent unfairly  
[D] ignore public opinions  
33. Paul Arnold is concerned that small acquisitions might
[A] weaken big tech companies  
[B] harm the national economy  
[C] worsen market competition  
[D] discourage start-up investors  
34. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission intends to
[A] limit Big Tech’s expansion  
[B] examine small acquisitions  
[C] encourage research collaboration  
[D] supervise start-ups’ operations  
35. For the five biggest tech companies, their small acquisitions have
[A] generated considerable profits  
[B] raised few management challenges  
[C] set an example for future deals  
[D] brought little financial pressure  

<center>Text 4</center>
&emsp;&emsp;We’re fairly good at judging people based on first impressions, thin slices of
experience ranging from a glimpse of a photo to a five-minute interaction, and
deliberation can be not only extraneous but intrusive. In one study of the ability
she called “thin slicing,” the late psychologist Nalini Ambady asked participants to
watch silent 10-second video clips of professors and to rate the instructor’s overall
effectiveness. Their ratings correlated strongly with students’ end-of-semester
ratings. Another set of participants had to count backward from 1,000 by nines as
they watched the clips, occupying their conscious working memory. Their ratings
were just as accurate, demonstrating the intuitive nature of the social processing.  

&emsp;&emsp;Critically, another group was asked to spend a minute writing down reasons for
their judgment, before giving the rating. Accuracy dropped dramatically. Ambady
suspected that deliberation focused them on vivid but misleading cues, such as
certain gestures or utterances, rather than letting the complex interplay of subtle
signals form a holistic impression. She found similar interference when participants
watched 15-second clips of pairs of people and judged whether they were strangers,
friends, or dating partners.
&emsp;&emsp;Other research shows we’re better at detecting deception from thin slices
when we rely on intuition instead of reflection. “It’s as if you’re driving a stick
shift,” says Judith Hall, a psychologist at Northeastern University, “and if you start
thinking about it too much, you can’t remember what you’re doing. But if you go
on automatic pilot, you’re fine. Much of our social life is like that.”
&emsp;&emsp;Thinking too much can also harm our ability to form preferences. College
students’ ratings of strawberry jams and college courses aligned better with experts’
opinions when the students weren’t asked to analyze their rationale. And people
made car-buying decisions that were both objectively better and more personally
satisfying when asked to focus on their feelings rather than on details, but only if
the decision was complex—when they had a lot of information to process.
&emsp;&emsp;Intuition’s special powers are unleashed only in certain circumstances. In one
study, participants completed a battery of eight tasks, including four that tapped
reflective thinking (discerning rules, comprehending vocabulary) and four that
tapped intuition and creativity (generating new products or figures of speech). Then
they rated the degree to which they had used intuition (“gut feelings,” “hunches,”
“my heart”). Use of their gut hurt their performance on the first four tasks, as
expected, and helped them on the rest. Sometimes the heart is smarter than the
head.

36. Nalini Ambady’s study deals with
[A] the reliability of first impressions  
[B] people’s ability to influence others  
[C] instructor-student interaction  
[D] the power of people’s memory  
37. In Ambady’s study, rating accuracy dropped when participants
[A] discussed with one another  
[B] gave the rating in limited time  
[C] watched shorter video clips  
[D] focused on specific details  
38. Judith Hall mentions driving to show that
[A] deception is difficult to detect  
[B] memory can be selective  
[C] social skills must be cultivated  
[D] reflection can be distracting  
39. When you are making complex decisions, it is advisable to
[A] collect enough data  
[B] list your preferences  
[C] follow your feelings  
[D] seek expert advice  
40. What can we learn from the last paragraph?
[A] Intuition may affect reflective tasks  
[B] Generating new products takes time  
[C] Vocabulary comprehension needs creativity  
[D] Objective thinking may boost intuitiveness  