<center>Text 1</center>
&emsp;&emsp;In the quest for the perfect lawn, homeowners across the country are taking a shortcut—and it is the environment that is paying the price. About eight million square metres of plastic grass is sold each year but opposition has now spread to the highest gardening circles. The Chelsea Flower Show has banned fake grass from this year’s event, declaring it to be not part of its ethos. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), which runs the annual show in west London, says it has introduced the ban because of the damage plastic grass does to the environment and biodiversity.  
&emsp;&emsp;Ed Horne, of the RHS, said: “We launched our sustainability strategy last year and fake grass is just not in line with our ethos and views on plastic. We recommend using real grass because of its environmental benefits, which include supporting wildlife, alleviating flooding and cooling the environment.”
&emsp;&emsp;The RHS’s decision comes as campaigners try to raise awareness of the problems fake grass causes. A Twitter account, which claims to “cut through the greenwash” of artificial grass, already has more than 20,000 followers. It is trying to encourage people to sign two petitions, one calling for a ban on the sale of plastic grass and another calling for an “ecological damage” tax on such lawns. They have gathered 7,276 and 11,282 signatures.  
&emsp;&emsp;However, supporters of fake grass point out that there is also an environmental impact with natural lawns, which need mowing and therefore usually consume electricity or petrol. The industry also points out that real grass requires considerable amounts of water, weed killer or other treatments and that people who lay fake grass tend to use their garden more. The industry also claims that people who lay fake grass spend an average of £500 on trees or shrubs for their garden, which provides habitat for insects.  
&emsp;&emsp;In response to another petition last year about banning fake lawns, which gathered 30,000 signatures, the government responded that it has “no plans to ban the use of artificial grass.”
&emsp;&emsp;It added: “We prefer to help people and organizations make the right choice rather than legislating on such matters. However, the use of artificial grass must comply with the legal and policy safeguards in place to protect biodiversity and ensure sustainable drainage, while measures such as the strengthened biodiversity duty should serve to encourage public authorities to consider sustainable alternatives.”

21. The RHS thinks that plastic grass
[A] is harmful to the environment.
[B] is a hot topic in gardening circles.
[C] is overpraised in the annual show.
[D] is ruining the view of west London.
22. The petitions mentioned in Paragraph 3 reveal the campaigners’
[A] disappointment with the RHS.
[B] resistance to fake grass use.
[C] anger over the proposed tax.
[D] concern about real grass supply.
23. In Paragraph 4, supporters of fake grass point out
[A] the necessity to lower the costs of fake grass.
[B] the disadvantages of growing real grass.
[C] the way to take care of artificial lawns.
[D] the challenges of insect habitat protection.
24. What would the government do with regard to artificial grass?
[A] Urge legislation to restrict its use.
[B] Take measures to guarantee its quality.
[C] Remind its users to obey existing rules.
[D] Replace it with sustainable alternatives.
25. It can be learned from the text that fake grass
[A] is being improved continuously.
[B] has seen a market share decline.
[C] is becoming increasingly affordable.
[D] has been a controversial product.

<center>Text 2</center>
&emsp;&emsp;It’s easy to dismiss as absurd the federal government’s ideas for plugging the chronic funding gap of our national parks. Can anyone really think it’s a good
idea to allow Amazon deliveries to your tent in Yosemite or food trucks to line up under the redwood trees at Sequoia National Park?  
&emsp;&emsp;But the government is right about one thing: U.S. national parks are in crisis. Collectively, they have a maintenance backlog of more than $12 billion. Roads, trails, restrooms, visitor centers and other infrastructure are crumbling.  
&emsp;&emsp;But privatizing and commercializing the campgrounds would not be a cure-all. Campgrounds are a tiny portion of the overall infrastructure backlog, and businesses in the parks hand over, on average, only about 5% of their revenues to the National Park Service.  
&emsp;&emsp;Moreover, increased privatization would certainly undercut one of the major reasons why 300 million visitors come to the parks each year: to enjoy nature and
get a break from the commercial drumbeat that overwhelms daily life.  
&emsp;&emsp;The real problem is that the parks have been chronically starved of funding. An economic survey of 700 U.S. taxpayers found that people would be willing to pay a significant amount of money to make sure the parks and their programs are kept intact. Some 81% of respondents said they would be willing to pay additional taxes for the next 10 years to avoid any cuts to the national parks.  
&emsp;&emsp;The national parks provide great value to U.S. residents both as places to escape and as symbols of nature. On top of this, they produce value from their
extensive educational programs, their positive impact on the climate through carbon sequestration, their contribution to our cultural and artistic life, and of
course through tourism. The parks also help keep America’s past alive, working with thousands of local jurisdictions around the country to protect historical sites
and to bring the stories of these places to life.  
&emsp;&emsp;The parks do all this on a shoestring. Congress allocates only $3 billion a year to the national park system—an amount that has been flat since 2001
(in inflation-adjusted dollars) with the exception of a onetime boost in 2009. Meanwhile, the number of annual visitors has increased by more than 50% since
1980, and now stands at 330 million visitors per year.

26. What problem are U.S. national parks faced with?
[A] Decline of business profits.
[B] Inadequate commercialization.
[C] Lack of transportation services.
[D] Poorly maintained infrastructure.
27. Increased privatization of the campgrounds may
[A] spoil visitor experience.
[B] help preserve nature.
[C] bring operational pressure.
[D] boost visits to parks.
28. According to Paragraph 5, most respondents in the survey would
[A] go to the national parks on a regular basis.
[B] advocate a bigger budget for the national parks.
[C] agree to pay extra for the national parks.
[D] support the national parks’ recent reforms.
29. The national parks are valuable in that they
[A] lead the way in tourism.
[B] have historical significance.
[C] sponsor research on climate.
[D] provide an income for the locals.
30. It can be concluded from the text that the national park system
[A] is able to cope with staff shortages.
[B] is able to meet visitors’ demands.
[C] is in need of a new pricing policy.

<center>Text 3</center>
&emsp;&emsp;The Internet may be changing merely what we remember, not our capacity
to do so, suggests Columbia University psychology professor Betsy Sparrow. In
2011, Sparrow led a study in which participants were asked to record 40 factoids
in a computer (“an ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain,” for example). Half of
the participants were told the information would be erased, while the other half
were told it would be saved. Guess what? The latter group made no effort to
recall the information when quizzed on it later, because they knew they could
find it on their computers. In the same study, a group was asked to remember
both the information and the folders it was stored in. They didn’t remember the
information, but they remembered how to find the folders. In other words, human
memory is not deteriorating but “adapting to new communications technology,”
Sparrow says.  

&emsp;&emsp;In a very practical way, the Internet is becoming an external hard drive for
our memories, a process known as “cognitive offloading.” Traditionally, this
role was fulfilled by data banks, libraries, and other humans. Your father may
never remember birthdays because your mother does, for instance. Some worry
that this is having a destructive effect on society, but Sparrow sees an upside.
Perhaps, she suggests, the trend will change our approach to learning from a
focus on individual facts and memorization to an emphasis on more conceptual
thinking—something that is not available on the Internet. “I personally have
never seen all that much intellectual value in memorizing things,” Sparrow says,
adding that we haven’t lost our ability to do it.  
&emsp;&emsp;Still other experts say it’s too soon to understand how the Internet affects
our brains. There is no experimental evidence showing that it interferes with
our ability to focus, for instance, wrote psychologists Christopher Chabris and
Daniel J. Simons. And surfing the web exercised the brain more than reading did
among computer-savvy older adults in a 2008 study involving 24 participants at
the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at the University of
California, Los Angeles.  
&emsp;&emsp;“There may be costs associated with our increased reliance on the Internet,
but I’d have to imagine that overall the benefits are going to outweigh those
costs,” observes psychology professor Benjamin Storm. “It seems pretty clear
that memory is changing, but is it changing for the better? At this point, we don’t
know.”

31. Sparrow’s study shows that with the Internet, the human brain will
[A] analyze information in detail.
[B] collect information efficiently.
[C] switch its focus of memory.
[D] extend its memory duration.
32. The process of “cognitive offloading”
[A] helps us identify false information.
[B] keeps our memory from failing.
[C] enables us to classify trivial facts.
[D] lessens our memory burdens.
33. Which of the following would Sparrow support about the Internet?
[A] It may reform our learning approach.
[B] It may impact our society negatively.
[C] It may enhance our adaptability to technology.
[D] It may interfere with our conceptual thinking.
34. It is indicated in Paragraph 3 that how the Internet affects our brains
[A] requires further academic research.
[B] is most studied in older adults.
[C] is reflected in our reading speed.
[D] depends on our web-surfing habits.
35. Neither Sparrow nor Storm would agree that
[A] our reliance on the Internet will be costly.
[B] the Internet is weakening our memory.
[C] memory exercise is a must for our brains.
[D] our ability to focus declines with age.

<center>Text 4</center>
&emsp;&emsp;Teenagers are paradoxical. That’s a mild and detached way of saying something
that parents often express with considerably stronger language. But the paradox is
scientific as well as personal. In adolescence, helpless and dependent children who
have relied on grown-ups for just about everything become independent people
who can take care of themselves and help each other. At the same time, once
cheerful and compliant children become rebellious teenage risk-takers.  

&emsp;&emsp;A new study published in the journal Child Development, by Eveline Crone
of the University of Leiden and colleagues, suggests that the positive and negative
sides of teenagers go hand in hand. The study is part of a new wave of thinking
about adolescence. For a long time, scientists and policy makers concentrated on
the idea that teenagers were a problem that needed to be solved. The new work
emphasizes that adolescence is a time of opportunity as well as risk.  
&emsp;&emsp;The researchers studied “prosocial” and rebellious traits in more than 200
children and young adults, ranging from 11 to 28 years old. The participants filled
out questionnaires about how often they did things that were altruistic and positive,
like sacrificing their own interests to help a friend, or rebellious and negative, like
getting drunk or staying out late.  
&emsp;&emsp;Other studies have shown that rebellious behavior increases as you become
a teenager and then fades away as you grow older. But the new study shows that,
interestingly, the same pattern holds for prosocial behavior. Teenagers were more
likely than younger children or adults to report that they did things like unselfishly
helping a friend.  
&emsp;&emsp;Most significantly, there was a positive correlation between prosociality and
rebelliousness. The teenagers who were more rebellious were also more likely to
help others. The good and bad sides of adolescence seem to develop together.  
&emsp;&emsp;Is there some common factor that underlies these apparently contradictory
developments? One idea is that teenage behavior is related to what researchers call
“reward sensitivity.” Decision-making always involves balancing rewards and
risks, benefits and costs. “Reward sensitivity” measures how much reward it takes
to outweigh risk.  
&emsp;&emsp;Teenagers are particularly sensitive to social rewards—winning the game,
impressing a new friend, getting that boy to notice you. Reward sensitivity, like
prosocial behavior and risk-taking, seems to go up in adolescence and then down
again as we age. Somehow, when you hit 30, the chance that something exciting
and new will happen at that party just doesn’t seem to outweigh the effort of getting
up off the couch.

36. According to Paragraph 1, children growing into adolescence tend to
[A] develop opposite personality traits.
[B] see the world in an unreasonable way.
[C] have fond memories of their past.
[D] show affection for their parents.
37. It can be learned from Paragraph 2 that Crone’s study
[A] explores teenagers’ social responsibilities.
[B] examines teenagers’ emotional problems.
[C] provides a new insight into adolescence.
[D] highlights negative adolescent behavior.
38. What does Crone’s study find about prosocial behavior?
[A] It results from the wish to cooperate.
[B] It is cultivated through education.
[C] It is subject to family influence.
[D] It tends to peak in adolescence.
39. It can be learned from the last two paragraphs that teenagers
[A] overstress their influence on others.
[B] care a lot about social recognition.
[C] become anxious about their future.
[D] endeavor to live a joyful life.
40. What is the text mainly about?
[A] Why teenagers are self-contradictory.
[B] Why teenagers are risk-sensitive.
[C] How teenagers develop prosociality.
[D] How teenagers become independent.