<center>Text 1</center>
&emsp;&emsp;In her new book Cogs and Monsters: What Economics Is, and What It
Should Be, Diane Coyle, an economist at Cambridge University, argues that the
digital economy requires new ways of thinking about progress. “Whatever we
mean by the economy growing, by things getting better, the gains will have to
be more evenly shared than in the recent past,” she writes. “An economy of tech
millionaires or billionaires and gig workers, with middle-income jobs undercut
by automation, will not be politically sustainable.”
&emsp;&emsp;Improving living standards and increasing prosperity for more people will
require greater use of digital technologies to boost productivity in various sectors,
including health care and construction, says Coyle. But people can’t be expected
to embrace the changes if they’re not seeing the benefits—if they’re just seeing
good jobs being destroyed.
&emsp;&emsp;In a recent interview, Coyle said she fears that tech’s inequality problem
could be a roadblock to deploying AI. “We’re talking about disruption,” she says.
“These are transformative technologies that change the ways we spend our time
every day, that change business models that succeed.” To make such “tremendous
changes,” she adds, you need social buy-in.
&emsp;&emsp;Instead, says Coyle, resentment is simmering among many as the benefits are
perceived to go to elites in a handful of prosperous cities.
&emsp;&emsp;According to the Brookings Institution, a short list of eight American cities
that included San Francisco, San Jose, Boston, and Seattle had roughly 38%
of all tech jobs by 2019. New AI technologies are particularly concentrated:
Brookings’s Mark Muro and Sifan Liu estimate that just 15 cities account for
two-thirds of the AI assets and capabilities in the United States.
&emsp;&emsp;The dominance of a few cities in the invention and commercialization of AI
means that geographical disparities in wealth will continue to soar. Not only will
this foster political and social unrest, but it could, as Coyle suggests, hold back
the sorts of AI technologies needed for regional economies to grow.
&emsp;&emsp;Part of the solution could lie in somehow loosening the stranglehold that
Big Tech has on defining the AI agenda. That will likely take increased federal
funding for research independent of the tech giants.
&emsp;&emsp;A more immediate response is to broaden our digital imaginations to conceive
of AI technologies that don’t simply replace jobs but expand opportunities in
the sectors that different parts of the country care most about, like health care,
education, and manufacturing.

21. Coyle argues in her new book that economic growth should
[A] give rise to innovations.
[B] diversify career choices.
[C] benefit people equally.
[D] be promoted forcefully.
22. According to Paragraph 2, digital technologies should be used to
[A] bring about instant prosperity.
[B] reduce people’s workload.
[C] raise overall work efficiency.
[D] enhance cross-sector cooperation.
23. What does Coyle fear about transformative technologies?
[A] They may affect work-life balance.
[B] They may be impractical to deploy.
[C] They may incur huge expenditure.
[D] They may be unwelcome to the public.
24. Several American cities are mentioned to show
[A] the uneven distribution of AI technologies in the US.
[B] the disappointing prospect of tech jobs in the US.
[C] the fast progress of US regional economies.
[D] the increasing significance of US AI assets.
25. With regard to Coyle’s concern, the author suggests
[A] raising funds to start new AI projects.
[B] encouraging collaboration in AI research.
[C] guarding against the side effects of AI.
[D] redefining the role of AI technologies.

<center>Text 2</center>
&emsp;&emsp;The UK is facing a future construction crisis because of a failure to plant
trees to produce wood, Confor has warned. The forestry and wood trade body
has called for urgent action to reduce the country’s reliance on timber imports
and provide a stable supply of wood for future generations. Currently only 20 per
cent of the UK’s wood requirement is home-grown while it remains the second-
largest net importer of timber in the world.
&emsp;&emsp;Coming at a time of fresh incentives from the UK government for
landowners to grow more trees, the trade body says these don’t go far enough and
fail to promote the benefits of planting them to boost timber supplies. “Not only
are we facing a carbon crisis now, but we will also be facing a future construction
crisis because of a failure to plant trees to produce wood,” said Stuart Goodall,
chief executive of Confor. “For decades we have not taken responsibility for
investing in our domestic wood supply, leaving us exposed to fluctuating prices
and fighting for future supplies of wood as global demand rises and our own
supplies fall.”
&emsp;&emsp;The UK has ideal conditions for growing wood to build low-carbon homes
and is a global leader in certifying that its forests are sustainably managed,
Confor says. While around three quarters of Scottish homes are built from
Scottish timber, the use of home-grown wood in England is only around 25
per cent. The causes of the UK’s current position are complex and range from
outdated perceptions of productive forestry to the decimation of trees by grey
squirrels. It also encompasses significant hesitation on behalf of farmers and
other landowners to invest in longer-term planting projects.
&emsp;&emsp;While productive tree planting can deliver real financial benefits to rural
economies and contribute to the UK’s net-zero strategy, the focus of government
support continues to be on food production and the rewilding and planting of
native woodland solely for biodiversity. Goodall added: “While food production
and biodiversity health are clearly of critical importance, we need our land to also
provide secure supplies of wood for construction, manufacturing and contribute
to net zero.”
&emsp;&emsp;“While the UK government has stated its ambition for more tree planting,
there has been little action on the ground. Confor is now calling for much
greater impetus behind those aspirations to ensure we have enough wood to meet
increasing demand.”

26. It can be learned from Paragraph 1 that the UK needs to
[A] increase its domestic wood supply.
[B] reduce its demand for timber.
[C] lower its wood production costs.
[D] lift its control on timber imports.
27. According to Confor, the UK government’s fresh incentives
[A] can hardly address a construction crisis.
[B] are believed to come at a wrong time.
[C] seem to be misleading for landowners.
[D] will be too costly to put into practice.
28. The UK’s exposure to fluctuating wood prices is a result of
[A] the government’s inaction on timber imports.
[B] inadequate investment in growing wood.
[C] the competition among timber traders at home.
[D] wood producers’ motive to maximise profits.
29. Which of the following causes the shortage of wood supply in the UK?
[A] Excessive timber consumption in construction.
[B] Unfavourable conditions for growing wood.
[C] Outdated technologies of the wood industry.
[D] Farmers’ unwillingness to plant trees.
30. What does Goodall think the UK government should do?
[A] Subsidise the building of low-carbon homes.
[B] Pay greater attention to boosting rural economies.
[C] Provide more support for productive tree planting.
[D] Give priority to pursuing its net-zero strategy.

<center>Text 3</center>
&emsp;&emsp;One of the biggest challenges in keeping unsafe aging drivers off the road
is convincing them that it’s time to turn over the keys. “It’s a complete life-
changer” when someone stops—or is forced to stop—driving, said former risk
manager Anne M. Menke.
&emsp;&emsp;“The American Medical Association advises physicians that ‘in situations
where clear evidence of substantial driving impairment implies a strong threat
to patient and public safety, and where the physician’s advice to discontinue
driving privileges is ignored, it is desirable and ethical to notify the Department
of Motor Vehicles,’” Menke wrote. “Some states require physicians to report,
others allow but do not mandate reports, while a few consider a report a breach of
confidentiality. There could be liability and penalties if a physician does not act
in accordance with state laws on reporting and confidentiality,” she counseled.
&emsp;&emsp;Part of the problem in keeping older drivers safe is that the difficulties are
addressed piecemeal by different professions with different focuses, including
gerontologists, highway administration officials, automotive engineers and
others, said gerontologist Elizabeth Dugan. “There’s not a National Institute of
Older Driver Studies,” she said. “We need better evidence on what makes drivers
unsafe” and what can help, said Dugan.
&emsp;&emsp;One thing that does seem to work is requiring drivers to report in person for
license renewal. Mandatory in-person renewal was associated with a 31 percent
reduction in fatal crashes involving drivers 85 or older, according to one study.
Passing vision tests also produced a similar decline in fatal crashes for those
drivers, although there appeared to be no benefit from combining the two.
&emsp;&emsp;Many older drivers don’t see eye doctors or can’t afford to. Primary
care providers have their hands full and may not be able to follow through
with patients who have trouble driving because they can’t turn their heads or
remember where they are going—or have gotten shorter and haven’t changed
their seat settings sufficiently to reach car pedals easily.
&emsp;&emsp;As long as there are other cars on the roads, self-driving cars won’t solve
the problems of crashes, said Dugan. Avoiding dangers posed by all those human
drivers would require too many algorithms, she said. But we need to do more to
improve safety, said Dugan. “If we’re going to have 100-year lives, we need cars
that a 90-year-old can drive comfortably.”

31. According to Paragraph 1, keeping unsafe aging drivers off the road
[A] is a new safety measure.
[B] has become a disputed issue.
[C] can be a tough task to complete.
[D] will be beneficial to their health.
32. The American Medical Association’s advice
[A] has won support from drivers.
[B] is generally considered unrealistic.
[C] is widely dismissed as unnecessary.
[D] has met with different responses.
33. According to Dugan, efforts to keep older drivers safe
[A] have brought about big changes.
[B] need to be well coordinated.
[C] have gained public recognition.
[D] call for relevant legal support.
34. Some older drivers have trouble driving because they tend to
[A] stick with bad driving habits.
[B] have a weakened memory.
[C] suffer from chronic pains.
[D] neglect car maintenance.
35. Dugan thinks that the solution to the problems of crashes may lie in
[A] upgrading self-driving vehicles.
[B] developing senior-friendly cars.
[C] renovating transport facilities.
[D] adjusting the age limit for drivers.

<center>Text 4</center>
&emsp;&emsp;If you look at the apps on your phone, chances are you have at least one
related to your health—and probably several. Whether it is a mental health app, a
fitness tracker, a connected health device or something else, many of us are taking
advantage of this technology to keep better track of our health in some shape or
form. Recent research from the Organization for the Review of Care and Health
Applications found that 350,000 health apps were available on the market, 90,000
of which launched in 2020 alone.
&emsp;&emsp;While these apps have a great deal to offer, it is not always clear how the
personal information we input is collected, safeguarded and shared online. Existing
health privacy law, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act,
is primarily focused on the way hospitals, doctors’ offices, clinics and insurance
companies store health records online. The health information these apps and
health data tracking wearables are collecting typically do not receive the same legal
protections.
&emsp;&emsp;Without additional protections in place, companies may share (and potentially
monetize) personal health information in a way consumers may not have authorized
or anticipated. In 2021, Flo Health faced a Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
investigation. The FTC alleged in a complaint that “despite express privacy claims,
the company took control of users’ sensitive fertility data and shared it with third
parties.” Flo Health and the FTC settled the matter with a Consent Order requiring
the company to get app users’ express affirmative consent before sharing their
health information as well as to instruct the third parties to delete the data they had
obtained.
&emsp;&emsp;Section 5 of the FTC Act empowers the FTC to initiate enforcement action
against unfair or deceptive acts, meaning the FTC can only act after the fact if a
company’s privacy practices are misleading or cause unjustified consumer harm.
While the FTC is doing what it can to ensure apps are keeping their promises to
consumers around the handling of their sensitive health information, the rate at
which these health apps are hitting the market demonstrates just how immense of a
challenge this is.
&emsp;&emsp;As to the prospects for federal legislation, commentators suggest that
comprehensive federal privacy legislation seems unlikely in the short term. States
have begun implementing their own solutions to shore up protections for consumer-
generated health data. California has been at the forefront of state privacy efforts
with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Virginia, Colorado and Utah
have also recently passed state consumer data privacy legislation.

36. The research findings are cited in Paragraph 1 to show
[A] the prevalence of health apps
[B] the public concern over health
[C] the popularity of smartphones
[D] the advancement of technology
37. What does the author imply about existing health privacy law?
[A] Its coverage needs to be extended.
[B] Its enforcement needs strengthening.
[C] It has discouraged medical misconduct.
[D] It has disappointed insurance companies.
38. Before sharing its users’ health information, Flo Health is required to
[A] seek the approval of the FTC
[B] find qualified third parties
[C] remove irrelevant personal data
[D] obtain their explicit permission
39. What challenge is the FTC currently faced with?
[A] The complexity of health information.
[B] The rapid increase in new health apps.
[C] The subtle deceptiveness of health apps.
[D] The difficulty in assessing consumer harm.
40. It can be learned from the last paragraph that health data protection
[A] has been embraced by health app developers
[B] has been a focus of federal policy-making
[C] has encountered opposition in California
[D] has gained legislative support in some states